CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Oracle welcomes contributions to this repository from anyone. If you want to submit a pull request to fix a bug or enhance code, please first open an issue and link to that issue when you submit your pull request. If you have any questions about a possible contribution, feel free to open an issue too.

## Contributing to the zfssa-csi-driver repository

Pull requests can be made under
[The Oracle Contributor Agreement](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/community/oca-486395.html) (OCA).

For pull requests to be accepted, the bottom of your commit message must have
the following line using your name and e-mail address as it appears in the
OCA Signatories list.

```
Signed-off-by: Your Name <you@example.org>
```

This can be automatically added to pull requests by committing with:

```
git commit --signoff
```

Only pull requests from committers that can be verified as having
signed the OCA can be accepted.

### Pull request process

1. Fork this repository
1. Create a branch in your fork to implement the changes. We recommend using
the issue number as part of your branch name, e.g. `1234-fixes`
1. Ensure that any documentation is updated with the changes that are required
by your fix.
1. Ensure that any samples are updated if the base image has been changed.
1. Submit the pull request. *Do not leave the pull request blank*. Explain exactly
what your changes are meant to do and provide simple steps on how to validate
your changes. Ensure that you reference the issue you created as well.
We will assign the pull request to 2-3 people for review before it is merged.

Commit message:

Update CONTRIBUTING.md and README.md
added Code of conduct to CONTRIBUTING.md and updated a link to OCA

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Oracle welcomes contributions to this repository from anyone. If you want to submit a pull request to fix a bug or enhance code, please first open an issue and link to that issue when you submit your pull request. If you have any questions about a possible contribution, feel free to open an issue too.

## Contributing to the zfssa-csi-driver repository

Pull requests can be made under
[The Oracle Contributor Agreement](https://oca.opensource.oracle.com) (OCA).

For pull requests to be accepted, the bottom of your commit message must have
the following line using your name and e-mail address as it appears in the
OCA Signatories list.

```
Signed-off-by: Your Name <you@example.org>
```

This can be automatically added to pull requests by committing with:

```
git commit --signoff
```

Only pull requests from committers that can be verified as having
signed the OCA can be accepted.

### Pull request process

1. Fork this repository
1. Create a branch in your fork to implement the changes. We recommend using
the issue number as part of your branch name, e.g. `1234-fixes`
1. Ensure that any documentation is updated with the changes that are required
by your fix.
1. Ensure that any samples are updated if the base image has been changed.
1. Submit the pull request. *Do not leave the pull request blank*. Explain exactly
what your changes are meant to do and provide simple steps on how to validate
your changes. Ensure that you reference the issue you created as well.
We will assign the pull request to 2-3 people for review before it is merged.

## Code of conduct

Follow the [Golden Rule](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_Rule). If you'd
like more specific guidelines, see the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct][COC].

[COC]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct/
